in the southern Gaza City of Rafa
volunteers and rescue workers are
digging in a crater where homes used to
be Israeli air strikes hit three houses
here killing dozens of
Palestinians we wake up in the morning
and there is no Fatima I do not know
what to call this feeling fat is
gone more people AR trapped under the
ruffle
since we came this morning at 6:00 a.m.
we have been finding people we recovered
two bodies there are no tools for this
just our hands we brought the bulldozer
to remove the rubble because there are
around 10 people underneath it a son his
father mother sons and daughter are
still under there hundreds of thousands
of Palestinians forced from the homes in
Northern Gaza flet South the Israeli
Army has conducted wave after wave of
air strikes in densely populated
neighborhoods in Kan yunus and
ra we ran outside and found people under
the house there were 20 people inside it
and around it were homes of displaced
people from Gaza living with one of our
relatives 100 people from Gaza were
staying with him what should have been a
refuge turned into a death
trap have never seen such weapons I was
born in 1950 I have never seen anything
like this I witnessed 1956 War there was
not anything like this I witnessed 196
7th War there was not something like
this this is a barbarian act that we
have not seen before with the extent of
the damage and destruction more than 60%
of all Gaza infrastructure according to
the United Nations thousands of people
are still missing many of them believe
to be trapped on the Mounds of rle
Palestinians are wondering where to go
next as their safe zone is turned to
dust the Israeli Relentless buming of
the southern part of the Gaza Strip did
not stop uh despite the fact that it had
been designated as a safe zone for
gazans to flee to uh in the early
initial days of the war on Gaza behind
this destroyed building more than 20
Palestinians have been killed and with
more growing concerns among Palestinians
that the are no longer safe in Gaza
tarom RAF Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer